# wink-sdk-channel-manager
## APIs
Not every integrator needs every APIs. For that reason, we have separated APIs into context.

- [Affiliate](/affiliate): All APIs related to selling travel inventory as an affiliate.
- [Analytics](/analytics): All APIs related to tracking metrics across a wide variety of data source segments including, more entertaining, leaderboard metrics.
- [Booking](/booking): All APIs related to creating platform bookings.
- [Channel Manager](/channel-manager): All APIs related to channel managers who want to integrate with our platform.
- [Extranet](/extranet): All APIs related to managing travel inventory and suppliers.
- [Inventory](/inventory): All APIs related to retrieve known travel inventory as it was found using the Lookup API..
- [Lookup](/lookup): All APIs related to locating inventory by region, locale and property flags.
- [Reference](/reference): All APIs related to retrieving platform-supported taxonomies.
- [TripPay](/reactive): All APIs related to TripPay account management, booking, mapping and integration features.

## SDKs
We are actively working on supporting the most used languages out there. If you don't see your language here, reach out to us with a request to officially add your language. In the meantime, if you want to roll your own SDK, you can do so by downloading the OpenAPI spec and using one of the many available OpenAPI generators available: [https://openapi-generator.tech/docs/generators](https://openapi-generator.tech/docs/generators).

- Java SDK [https://github.com/wink-travel/wink-sdk-java](https://github.com/wink-travel/wink-sdk-java)

## Usage
These features are made available to you via a [REST API](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer). This API is language agnostic.

## Versioning
We chose to version our endpoints in a way that we hope affects your integration with us the least. You request the version of our API you wish to work with via the `Wink-Version` header. When it's time for you to upgrade, you only have to change the version number to get access to our updated endpoints.

## Release history
- Follow updates on Github: https://github.com/wink-travel/wink-sdk-java/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md


# Channel Manager API
Wink exposes a secured REST-based, JSON API to its channel manager partners. The connection is \"channel-wide\". Partners are free to integrate with the REST-based API using any programming language.

# Intended Audience
This document is intended for external channel partners who wish to integrate with Wink.

# Requirements
- Active account with Wink. Sign up for your Channel Manager account:
   - Staging: [https://staging-studio.wink.travel](https://staging-studio.wink.travel).
   - Production: [https://studio.wink.travel](https://studio.wink.travel).
- Active application. An application provides you with Oauth2 credentials you can pass to our endpoints. One is already created for you upon account creation.
- Your production IP numbers. They need to be whitelisted before you can talk to our production environment.

# Performance
A particular attention to performance should be given when integrating with this API. A few things to be aware of:
- Enable gzip compression to make payloads smaller.
- Fewer large REST calls are preferred to many small ones. E.g. It is better to update many dates instead of individual dates.
- It is possible to update both rate and availability with a single request.
- Request only date ranges that you will use. There is no need to request an entire year if you will only be working with the first seven days.

## Reservation notification (PUSH)
Wink supports PUSH notifications to communicate reservations. We also support BASIC AUTH to your endpoint. If you want to enable PUSH, add your PUSH endpoint and credentials (optional) to your account.

This Python package is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 30.9.11
- Package version: 0.0.4
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.PythonClientCodegen

## Requirements.

Python 3.7+

## Installation & Usage
### pip install

You can install the package from PyPi using:
```sh
pip install wink_sdk_channel_manager
```

Or you can install it directly from the repository using:
```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/wink-travel/wink-sdk-python.git@v0.0.4#egg=wink_sdk_channel_manager&subdirectory=wink-sdk-channel-manager
```
(you may need to run `pip` with root permission: `sudo pip install git+https://github.com/wink-travel/wink-sdk-python.git@v0.0.4#egg=wink_sdk_channel_manager&subdirectory=wink_sdk_channel_manager`)

Then import the package:
```python
import wink_sdk_channel_manager
```

### Setuptools

Install via [Setuptools](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools).

```sh
python setup.py install --user
```
(or `sudo python setup.py install` to install the package for all users)

Then import the package:
```python
import wink_sdk_channel_manager
```

### Tests

Execute `pytest` to run the tests.

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```python

import wink_sdk_channel_manager
from wink_sdk_channel_manager.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# Defining the host is optional and defaults to https://integrations.wink.travel
# See configuration.py for a list of all supported configuration parameters.
configuration = wink_sdk_channel_manager.Configuration(
    host = "https://integrations.wink.travel"
)

# The client must configure the authentication and authorization parameters
# in accordance with the API server security policy.
# Examples for each auth method are provided below, use the example that
# satisfies your auth use case.

configuration.access_token = os.environ["ACCESS_TOKEN"]


# Enter a context with an instance of the API client
with wink_sdk_channel_manager.ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
    # Create an instance of the API class
    api_instance = wink_sdk_channel_manager.ChannelManagerApi(api_client)
    wink_version = 'wink_version_example' # str |  (optional)
    accept = 'accept_example' # str |  (optional)

    try:
        # Say Hello
        api_response = api_instance.ping(wink_version=wink_version, accept=accept)
        print("The response of ChannelManagerApi->ping:\n")
        pprint(api_response)
    except ApiException as e:
        print("Exception when calling ChannelManagerApi->ping: %s\n" % e)

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://integrations.wink.travel*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ChannelManagerApi* | [**ping**](docs/ChannelManagerApi.md#ping) | **GET** /api/channel-manager/ping | Say Hello
*ChannelManagerApi* | [**show_properties**](docs/ChannelManagerApi.md#show_properties) | **GET** /api/channel-manager/property/list | Show Properties
*ChannelManagerApi* | [**show_property**](docs/ChannelManagerApi.md#show_property) | **GET** /api/channel-manager/property/{propertyIdentifier} | Show Property
*ChannelManagerApi* | [**show_property_booking**](docs/ChannelManagerApi.md#show_property_booking) | **GET** /api/channel-manager/property/{propertyIdentifier}/booking/{bookingIdentifier} | Show Booking
*ChannelManagerApi* | [**show_property_bookings**](docs/ChannelManagerApi.md#show_property_bookings) | **GET** /api/channel-manager/property/{propertyIdentifier}/booking/list | Show Bookings
*ChannelManagerApi* | [**show_property_room_rates**](docs/ChannelManagerApi.md#show_property_room_rates) | **GET** /api/channel-manager/property/{propertyIdentifier}/master-rate/{masterRateIdentifier} | Show Daily Rates
*ChannelManagerApi* | [**update_rates**](docs/ChannelManagerApi.md#update_rates) | **PUT** /api/channel-manager/property/{propertyIdentifier}/master-rate/{masterRateIdentifier} | Update Daily Rates


## Documentation For Models

 - [CustomMonetaryAmount](docs/CustomMonetaryAmount.md)
 - [GenericErrorMessage](docs/GenericErrorMessage.md)
 - [ModelProperty](docs/ModelProperty.md)
 - [PageProperty](docs/PageProperty.md)
 - [PageableObject](docs/PageableObject.md)
 - [PingResponse](docs/PingResponse.md)
 - [PropertyBooking](docs/PropertyBooking.md)
 - [PropertyRate](docs/PropertyRate.md)
 - [PropertyRateUpdateRequest](docs/PropertyRateUpdateRequest.md)
 - [PropertyRoomRate](docs/PropertyRoomRate.md)
 - [PropertyRoomRateWithRateList](docs/PropertyRoomRateWithRateList.md)
 - [PropertyWithRoomRateList](docs/PropertyWithRoomRateList.md)
 - [SortObject](docs/SortObject.md)
 - [VariableCharge](docs/VariableCharge.md)


<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation For Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
<a id="oAuth2ClientCredentials"></a>
### oAuth2ClientCredentials

- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: application
- **Authorization URL**: https://iam.wink.travel/oauth2/authorize
- **Scopes**: 
 - **integrations.read**: Read Wink data
 - **integrations.write**: Create Wink data
 - **integrations.remove**: Remove Wink data


## Author

bjorn@wink.travel


