# AgentBookingRequestAgent


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**hotel_identifier** | **UUID** | Unique hotel record identifier. | 
**start_date** | **date** | Date when guest arrives on the premises. | 
**end_date** | **date** | Date when guest departs the premises. Optional if nights is specified. | [optional] 
**nights** | **int** | Date when guest departs the premises. Optional if endDate is specified. | [optional] 
**room_configuration** | [**RoomConfigurationAgent**](RoomConfigurationAgent.md) | Room configuration is how the guest wants the room to support her accompanying guests. | 
**promotional_codes** | **List[str]** |  | [optional] 
**room_rate_identifier** | **UUID** | The unique master rate that made the guest room / rate plan available for sale. | 
**bedroom_configuration_identifier** | **str** | Guest can optionally request a specific bedroom layout if the room type is set up with multiple layout choices. | [optional] 
**ancillaries** | [**List[AncillaryRequestAgent]**](AncillaryRequestAgent.md) |  | [optional] 
**special_requests** | **str** | A guest can send a special request to the hotel in free-text here. | [optional] 
**user** | [**BookingUserRequestAgent**](BookingUserRequestAgent.md) | User object contains details of the person that made the booking. | 
**external_supplier_booking_code** | **str** | External booking code generated by the affiliate | [optional] 
**external_transaction_identifier** | **str** | External transaction identifier | [optional] 
**external_customer_identifier** | **str** | External customer identifier | [optional] 
**external_fees** | [**List[FeeAgent]**](FeeAgent.md) |  | [optional] 
**vendor_specific** | **Dict[str, str]** | External metadata | [optional] 
**valid_user** | **bool** |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from wink_sdk_travel_agent.models.agent_booking_request_agent import AgentBookingRequestAgent

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of AgentBookingRequestAgent from a JSON string
agent_booking_request_agent_instance = AgentBookingRequestAgent.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(AgentBookingRequestAgent.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
agent_booking_request_agent_dict = agent_booking_request_agent_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of AgentBookingRequestAgent from a dict
agent_booking_request_agent_from_dict = AgentBookingRequestAgent.from_dict(agent_booking_request_agent_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


