# BookingContractAgent


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**booking_contract_identifier** | **str** | Document UUID | [optional] 
**created_date** | **datetime** | Datetime this record was first created | [optional] 
**last_update** | **datetime** | Datetime this record was last updated | [optional] 
**federated_organization_identifier** | **str** | The auth realm owner ID | 
**federated_organization_name** | **str** | The auth realm owner name | 
**user** | [**AuthenticatedUserAgent**](AuthenticatedUserAgent.md) | The authenticated user ID that made the request | 
**ip_address** | **str** | Caller&#39;s IP address | 
**trace_id** | **str** | Way to track which booking contracts were made together | 
**source_url** | **str** | Where did the booking occur | 
**identifier** | **str** | Unique identifier used to track the contract. Create a UUID for this purpose. | 
**supplier_identifier** | **str** | Supplier identifier | 
**supplier_name** | **str** | Supplier name | 
**display_price_quote** | [**QuoteLightweightAgent**](QuoteLightweightAgent.md) | The quote used to create totalDisplayPrice. | 
**supplier_price_quote** | [**QuoteLightweightAgent**](QuoteLightweightAgent.md) | The quote used to create totalSupplierPrice. | 
**internal_price_quote** | [**QuoteLightweightAgent**](QuoteLightweightAgent.md) | The quote used to create totalInternalPrice. | 
**capture_price_quote** | [**QuoteLightweightAgent**](QuoteLightweightAgent.md) | The quote used to create totalCapturePrice. | 
**item_list** | [**List[BookingContractItemAgent]**](BookingContractItemAgent.md) | Holds one booking line item for a specific supplier. | 
**external_supplier_identifier** | **str** | Contract creator can choose to geoname this record with her own identifier | [optional] 
**external_supplier_booking_code** | **str** | External booking code generated by the affiliate | [optional] 
**payment** | [**BookingContractPaymentDetailsAgent**](BookingContractPaymentDetailsAgent.md) | Payment details the merchant provided us at the time of payment. | 
**cancelled** | **bool** | Optional geoname externalIdentifier to remote inventory. | [default to False]
**cancelled_on** | **datetime** | When the booking was cancelled. | [optional] 
**canceller** | **str** | Type of entity that cancelled the booking. | [optional] 
**cancellation_type** | **str** | Reason type. | [optional] 
**canceller_user_identifier** | **str** | User identifier that cancelled the entity. | [optional] 
**cancel_reason** | **str** | Reason for cancellation. | [optional] 
**funds_processed** | **bool** | Whether a funds transfer request has been created for this booking. | [optional] 
**refunds** | [**List[RefundAgent]**](RefundAgent.md) | An optional list of refunds that occurred with this booking. If the refund amount(s) is the same as the total price, the booking also gets cancelled. | [optional] 
**payouts** | [**List[PayoutAgent]**](PayoutAgent.md) | An optional list of refunds that occurred with this booking. If the refund amount(s) is the same as the total price, the booking also gets cancelled. | [optional] 
**source_currency** | **str** | The source currency | 
**display_currency** | **str** | The display currency | 
**supplier_currency** | **str** | The supplier currency | 
**internal_currency** | **str** | The internal currency | 
**capture_currency** | **str** | The capture currency | 
**source_amount** | **float** | The total initial price as quoted in the original TripPay contract. | 
**display_amount** | **float** | The total display price. | 
**supplier_amount** | **float** | The total supplier price. | 
**internal_amount** | **float** |  | 
**capture_amount** | **float** | The total capture price. | 
**source_amount_refund_modifier** | **float** | The source amount still due after a partial refund occurs. | [optional] 
**display_amount_refund_modifier** | **float** | The display amount still due after a partial refund occurs. | [optional] 
**supplier_amount_refund_modifier** | **float** | The supplier amount still due after a partial refund occurs. | [optional] 
**internal_amount_refund_modifier** | **float** | The internal amount still due after a partial refund occurs. | [optional] 
**capture_amount_refund_modifier** | **float** | The capture amount still due after a partial refund occurs. | [optional] 
**net_source_amount** | **float** | The total initial price as quoted in the original TripPay contract. | [optional] 
**net_display_amount** | **float** | The total display price. | [optional] 
**net_supplier_amount** | **float** | The total supplier price. | [optional] 
**net_internal_amount** | **float** |  | [optional] 
**net_capture_amount** | **float** | The total capture price. | [optional] 
**metadata** | **Dict[str, str]** | Place to add more data related to the booking contract. | [optional] 
**net_commissionable_total_source_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in source currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_commissionable_total_capture_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in capture currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_commissionable_total_display_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in display currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_commissionable_total_supplier_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in supplier currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_commissionable_total_internal_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in internal currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_total_fees_and_commissions_source_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in source currency that is fees and commission. | [optional] 
**net_total_fees_and_commissions_capture_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in capture currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_total_fees_and_commissions_display_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in display currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_total_fees_and_commissions_supplier_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in supplier currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_total_fees_and_commissions_internal_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in internal currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_total_fees_source_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in source currency that is fees and commission. | [optional] 
**net_total_fees_capture_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in capture currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_total_fees_display_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in display currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_total_fees_supplier_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in supplier currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_total_fees_internal_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in internal currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_total_trip_pay_fee_source_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in source currency that is fees and commission. | [optional] 
**net_total_trip_pay_fee_capture_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in capture currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_total_trip_pay_fee_display_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in display currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_total_trip_pay_fee_supplier_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in supplier currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_total_trip_pay_fee_internal_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in internal currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_total_sales_source_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in source currency that is fees and commission. | [optional] 
**net_total_sales_capture_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in capture currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_total_sales_display_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in display currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_total_sales_supplier_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in supplier currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_total_sales_internal_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in internal currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**commissionable_total_source_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in source currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**commissionable_total_capture_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in capture currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**commissionable_total_display_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in display currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**commissionable_total_supplier_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in supplier currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**commissionable_total_internal_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in internal currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**total_fees_and_commissions_source_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in source currency that is fees and commission. | [optional] 
**total_fees_and_commissions_capture_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in capture currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**total_fees_and_commissions_display_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in display currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**total_fees_and_commissions_supplier_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in supplier currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**total_fees_and_commissions_internal_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in internal currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**total_fees_source_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in source currency that is fees and commission. | [optional] 
**total_fees_capture_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in capture currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**total_fees_display_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in display currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**total_fees_supplier_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in supplier currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**total_fees_internal_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in internal currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**total_trip_pay_fee_source_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in source currency that is fees and commission. | [optional] 
**total_trip_pay_fee_capture_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in capture currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**total_trip_pay_fee_display_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in display currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**total_trip_pay_fee_supplier_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in supplier currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**total_trip_pay_fee_internal_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in internal currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**total_sales_source_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in source currency that is fees and commission. | [optional] 
**total_sales_capture_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in capture currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**total_sales_display_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in display currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**total_sales_supplier_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in supplier currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**total_sales_internal_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in internal currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**funds_available_date** | **date** | Returns the date the funds will be released to the customer. | [optional] 
**total_fees_in_percent_with_refund** | **float** | All amounts that are not of type SALE | [optional] 
**total_fees_in_percent** | **float** | All amounts that are not of type SALE before a refund was applied | [optional] 
**total_trip_pay_fee_in_percent_with_refund** | **float** | All amounts that are not of type SALE | [optional] 
**total_trip_pay_fee_in_percent** | **float** | All amounts that are not of type SALE before a refund was applied | [optional] 
**total_commissions_in_percent_with_refund** | **float** | All amounts that are not of type SALE | [optional] 
**total_commissions_in_percent** | **float** | All amounts that are not of type SALE before a refund was applied | [optional] 
**total_fees_and_commissions_in_percent_with_refund** | **float** | All amounts that are not of type SALE | [optional] 
**total_fees_and_commissions_in_percent** | **float** | All amounts that are not of type SALE before a refund was applied | [optional] 
**original_fees_in_percent** | **float** | All amounts that are not of type SALE before a refund was applied | [optional] 
**original_affiliate_agency_fees_in_percent** | **float** | Affiliate agent fee in percent | [optional] 
**original_supplier_agency_fees_in_percent** | **float** | Supplier agent fee in percent | [optional] 
**original_commissions_in_percent** | **float** | All amounts that are not of type SALE before a refund was applied | [optional] 
**net_total_customers_source_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in source currency that is fees and commission. | [optional] 
**net_total_customers_capture_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in capture currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_total_customers_display_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in display currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_total_customers_supplier_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in supplier currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**net_total_customers_internal_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in internal currency the affiliate is owed. | [optional] 
**total_affiliate_agency_fees_source_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in source currency owed affiliate agency. | [optional] 
**total_affiliate_agency_fees_capture_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in capture currency owed affiliate agency. | [optional] 
**total_affiliate_agency_fees_display_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in display currency owed affiliate agency. | [optional] 
**total_affiliate_agency_fees_supplier_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in supplier currency owed affiliate agency. | [optional] 
**total_affiliate_agency_fees_internal_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in internal currency owed affiliate agency. | [optional] 
**total_supplier_agency_fees_source_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in source currency owed supplier agency. | [optional] 
**total_supplier_agency_fees_capture_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in capture currency owed supplier agency. | [optional] 
**total_supplier_agency_fees_display_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in display currency owed supplier agency. | [optional] 
**total_supplier_agency_fees_supplier_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in supplier currency owed supplier agency. | [optional] 
**total_supplier_agency_fees_internal_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in internal currency owed supplier agency. | [optional] 
**net_total_affiliate_agency_fees_source_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in source currency owed affiliate agency. | [optional] 
**net_total_affiliate_agency_fees_capture_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in capture currency owed affiliate agency. | [optional] 
**net_total_affiliate_agency_fees_display_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in display currency owed affiliate agency. | [optional] 
**net_total_affiliate_agency_fees_supplier_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in supplier currency owed affiliate agency. | [optional] 
**net_total_affiliate_agency_fees_internal_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in internal currency owed affiliate agency. | [optional] 
**net_total_supplier_agency_fees_source_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in source currency owed supplier agency. | [optional] 
**net_total_supplier_agency_fees_capture_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in capture currency owed supplier agency. | [optional] 
**net_total_supplier_agency_fees_display_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in display currency owed supplier agency. | [optional] 
**net_total_supplier_agency_fees_supplier_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in supplier currency owed supplier agency. | [optional] 
**net_total_supplier_agency_fees_internal_amount** | [**CustomMonetaryAmount**](CustomMonetaryAmount.md) | Returns the total amount in internal currency owed supplier agency. | [optional] 
**has_refunds** | **bool** | Indicates whether any refund in any state is present. | [optional] 
**has_successful_refunds** | **bool** | Indicates whether a successful refund is present. | [optional] 
**has_pending_refunds** | **bool** | Indicates whether a pending refund is present. | [optional] 
**has_failed_refunds** | **bool** | Indicates whether a failed refund is present. | [optional] 
**platform_identifier** | **str** | Returns the account identifier for the beneficiary taking a platform fee | [optional] 
**total_funds_grouped_by_beneficiary** | [**List[BeneficiaryAgent]**](BeneficiaryAgent.md) | Returns all the beneficiaries in this contract with their total amounts | [optional] 
**total_tokens_earned** | **int** | Total amount of tokens minted on this contract. | [optional] 
**self_acquiring** | **bool** |  | [optional] 
**lodging** | [**BookingContractItemAgent**](BookingContractItemAgent.md) | Returns the lodging item only. | [optional] 
**cancellable_by_agent** | **bool** | Whether the booking can still be cancelled completely by an agent. | [optional] 
**cancellable_by_supplier** | **bool** | Whether the booking can still be cancelled completely by the supplier. | [optional] 
**cancellable_by_traveler** | **bool** | Whether the booking can still be cancelled completely by the traveller. | [optional] 
**fully_refunded** | **bool** |  | [optional] 
**cancellable_with_no_charges** | **bool** | Whether the cancellation comes at no cost to the traveler. | [optional] 
**is_cancellable_with_potential_charges** | **bool** | Whether a cancellation comes with partial charges. I.e. Only some of the items in contract are not fully refundable. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from wink_sdk_travel_agent.models.booking_contract_agent import BookingContractAgent

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of BookingContractAgent from a JSON string
booking_contract_agent_instance = BookingContractAgent.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(BookingContractAgent.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
booking_contract_agent_dict = booking_contract_agent_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of BookingContractAgent from a dict
booking_contract_agent_from_dict = BookingContractAgent.from_dict(booking_contract_agent_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


